This RFI is issued solely for
information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or
a promise to issue an RFP in the future. This request for information does not commit the
Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Further, the Government is
not at this time seeking proposals and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Responders
are advised that the U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative
costs incurred in response to this RFI; all costs associated with responding to this RFI will
be solely at the interested party’s expense. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude
participation in any future RFP , if any is issued.

1.0 Description & Background
Naval Surface Warfare Center Panama City Division (NSWC PCD) is seeking information on
industry capabilities to perform a large-scale Computer-Aided Design (CAD) model
conversion and engineering comment adjudication project. We currently maintain a system model consisting of approximately 8,000 individual part
and assembly files. These files were developed in a variety of CAD software packages. The
primary goal is to consolidate all of these files into a single, native SolidWorks format within
a compressed timeframe. Additionally, a significant number of engineering comments
associated with these models need to be professionally adjudicated. This RFI will be used to identify potential sources with the technical expertise, capacity,
and project management skills to meet these requirements.
2.0 Scope of Requirements
The overall goal of this effort is to enable a robust, model-based configuration management
environment for the system model within a SolidWorks PDM (Product Data Management)
system. To achieve this, all system models must be converted to a uniform, native
SolidWorks format. The work is divided into a primary, time-sensitive task and secondary tasks with a more
flexible timeline. Interested parties are encouraged to propose timelines and approaches
that reflect this prioritization.