This requirement is to procure a Carl Zeiss FORUM Data Management Software for Phoenix VA Healthcare System. PVAHS already uses this software and is connected to VA system. Zeiss FORUM is manufactured by Carl Zeiss, which provided confidence in the interoperability of FORUM with the existing system. In addition, utilizing a Zeiss system for the Zeiss instrument provided benefits for storing and accessing raw data. The data management system shall include all necessary software, licensing, and labor to fully set up and integrate the system with the existing equipment. The system must be able to connect with the VA’s current electronic health record, VistA. The system shall be approved by the Electronic Health Record Modernization Integration Office Healthcare Technology Management (EHRM-IO HTM) team to ensure compatibility with the incoming EHRM. The viewing software must be VA Technical Reference Manual (TRM) approved for use on standard VA information and technology issued computers. Only Proaim Americas, LLC, is the authorized distributor to sell Carl Zeiss Meditec USA products. This is due to the PROAIM’s integration and knowledge with Zeiss field service tech support entities. This included personal and procedures of Zeiss tech support and field services team providing efficiency to the end user customer of the Federal Government. There are no agents or dealers who are authorized to represent these products. The place of performance is Phoenix VA Healthcare System (PVAHS) located at 650 E Indian School Road, Phoenix, AZ, 85012-1839. This action will result in a Firm-Fixed Price Contract. The intended Contractor is Proaim Americas, LLC, located at 16024 Manchester RD STE 200 Ellisville, MO 63011-2195. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 541511, Custom Computer Programming Services - Product of Service Code for this requirement is DA10, IT and Telecom – Business Application/Application Development Software As A Service. The Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard for this sector is $34.0. This notice of intent is neither a formal solicitation nor a request for competitive proposals. No solicitation document is available, and telephone requests will not be honored. No award will be made based on unsolicited quotations or offers received in response to this notice. Any response to this notice must show clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that competition will be advantageous to the Government. The intent of this synopsis is for informational purposes only. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct competitive procurement. A determination by the Government not to complete this action based on this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. The Government anticipates the award of a firm-fixed- price contract. A decision by the Government about whether to compete with this proposed requirement based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competition. This notice of intent to award a sole source contract is not a request for competitive quotes. There will be no solicitation available for competitive quotes. Phone calls will not be accepted. This notice of intent is not a request for quotations. All Interested parties who are responsible, certified, and capable may express their interest by providing a capabilities statement NLT May 08, 2026, at 12:00 PM PST. The point of contact for this action is Contract Specialist, Israel Garcia who can be reached at: Israel.Garcia2@va.gov
05-08-2026 12:00PM PACIFIC TIME, LOS ANGELES, USA
N
Department of Veterans Affairs
Network Contracting Office 22
4811 Airport Plaza Drive
Suite 600
Long Beach CA 90815
ISRAEL.GARCIA2@VA.GOV
AGENCY’S URL
AGENCY CONTACT’S EMAIL ADDRESS