The FY24 National Defense Authorization Act established the Space Force Personnel
Management Act (PMA) on December 22, 2023. The PMA allows the Space Force to design an
alternative single military personnel management system that integrates active component
Guardians and Air Force Reserve Airmen serving in space-focused career fields into a unified
service, offering both full- and part-time work roles. In addition to adding part-time roles to the
service without component - the Personnel Management Act also enables Space Force Inactive
and Retired Status. By enabling both full-time and part-time service options, the Space Force can
better attract and retain talent in an increasingly competitive labor market, especially in high-tech
sectors. According to General Saltzman in his C-Note #42,
The PMA is a fundamental shift from the traditional service model that
employs distinct regular and reserve components that possess unique roles,
responsibilities, organization, and management. It defines conditions for
Guardians to serve in active status and move between full - and part-time
roles. Presently, Regular Space Force Guardians are managed through the Air Force Active Component
systems to include but not limited to instances in Military Personnel Data System (MilPDS),
myVector, and myFSS suites of tools, databases, and software applications. These systems
connect to 4
th estate systems for pay and benefits including DMDC (DEERS), DFAS(DJMS),
and external systems such as Learning Management tools, Defense Acquisition University
transcripts, data analytics, and others require both pulling and pushing data for Guardian
personnel records management. Within the current Air Force systems, in order to transfer between Air Force Active Component
and Air Force Reserve Component, the service member must first separate from the Air Force
and rejoin the military under the Air Force Reserve Component. This process takes an act of
Congress to scroll the member. In addition, there are timeliness of pay and continuity of health
care issues. The vision of the Space Force under the Personnel Management Act is for this
process to be seamless and less cumbersome for both the personnelists and service-members. By
enabling both full-time and part-time service options, the Space Force can better attract and
retain talent in an increasingly competitive labor market, especially in high-tech sectors. Creating a service without component that offers both full and part-time work roles requires
changing and creating new file types in MilPDS and changing data flows throughout the Air
Force business enterprise systems that has shown to be both time and cost-prohibitive. The
Space Force is seeking to procure, configure, and integrate a commercial software solution to
enable the single military personnel management system for both full-time and part-time
Guardians.