The 2030 Census Integration and Implementation Plan (IIP) describes the framework for
integrating Information Technology (IT) solutions that comprise the 2030 Census systems
architecture. The IIP provides an actionable framework for the functional integration of IT
activities and operational milestones. It helps realize quality-driven designs, solutions, and
methods that fulfill the business goals of achieving a cost -efficient decennial census through
modern technology. The 2030 Census IIP also governs the implementation of the operations
outlined in the 2030 Census Operational Plan. The 2030 Census IIP document has an accompanying IIP Milestone Dashboard developed for
each decennial census effort (2026 Census Test (26CT), 2028 Dress Rehearsal (28DR), and 2030
Census). The IIP Milestone Dashboard is a living artifact refined and adjusted to minimize risk
and maximize efficiency while meeting the required timelines of the 2030 Census.
1.1 Purpose and Scope
The purpose of the 2030 Census IIP document is to outline the systematic approach for
integrating various components, solutions, and processes within the 2030 Census. The 2030
Census is a complex program with interdependent relationships among numerous systems,
solution providers, and stakeholders. This document outlines the integration process across all parties involved, aiming to facilitate
effective communication, resource allocation, and timely execution. The specific objectives of
the IIP include:
• Establishing an Integration Framework: The IIP outlines a framework and methods for
actively monitoring and communicating progress among stakeholders, solution
providers, systems, and other relevant parties.
• Coordinating Integration Issues: Driving early coordination and r esolution of integration
issues to ensure the timely alignment of stakeholders, solution providers, and
integrators for testing and deployment.
• Providing a Comprehensive Overview: Offering a comprehensive overview of the 2030
Census, aiding in identifying integration points and dependencies.
• Promoting a Collaborative Approach: Encouraging a collaborative approach to minimize
risks, optimize efficiency, and adhere to the mandated timelines of the 203 0 Census.