2. CONTRACT NO. 3. AWARD/EFFECTIVE
4. ORDER NUMBER 5. SOLICITATION NUMBER 6. SOLICITATION ISSUE
7. FOR SOLICITATION
INFORMATION CALL:
a. NAME b. TELEPHONE NUMBER (No collect
calls)
8. OFFER DUE DATE/
9. ISSUED BY
13b. RATING
14. METHOD OF SOLICITATION
15. DELIVER TO 16. ADMINISTERED BY CODE
18a. PAYMENT WILL BE MADE BY CODE17a. CONTRACTOR/
17b. CHECK IF REMITTANCE IS DIFFERENT AND PUT SUCH ADDRESS IN
18b. SUBMIT INVOICES TO ADDRESS SHOWN IN BLOCK 18a UNLESS BLOCK
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
(Use Reverse and/or Attach Additional Sheets as Necessary)
25. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA 26. TOTAL AWARD AMOUNT (For Govt. Use Only)
28. CONTRACTOR IS REQUIRED TO SIGN THIS DOCUMENT AND RETURN
29. AWARD OF CONTRACT: REF. OFFER
(BLOCK 5), INCLUDING ANY ADDITIONS OR CHANGES WHICH ARE
SET FORTH HEREIN, IS ACCEPTED AS TO ITEMS:
30a. SIGNATURE OF OFFEROR/CONTRACTOR
30b. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER (Type or print) 30c. DATE SIGNED
31a. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (SIGNATURE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER)
31b. NAME OF CONTRACTING OFFICER (Type or print) 31c. DATE SIGNED
Prescribed by GSA - FAR (48 CFR) 53.212
10. THIS ACQUISITION IS UNRESTRICTED OR
NAICS:
SIZE STANDARD:
13a. THIS CONTRACT IS A
SET ASIDE: % FOR:
11. DELIVERY FOR FOB DESTINA-
12. DISCOUNT TERMS
27a. SOLICITATION INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE FAR 52.212-1, 52.212-4. FAR 52.212-3 AND 52.212-5 ARE ATTACHED. ADDENDA
27b. CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE FAR 52.212-4. FAR 52.212-5 IS ATTACHED. ADDENDA
8 (A)
(WOSB) ELIGIBLE UNDER THE WOMEN-OWNED
See Attached Schedule(s)
Office of Procurement Operations-Office of Procurement
1285 Carmichael Way
Montgomery, AL 36106-3672
Attn: Ladoris Tuck
Tel: Email: ladoris.r.tuck@irs.gov
;
(OHFWURQLF7D[3UHSDUDWLRQDQG
7UDQVPLVVLRQ6RIWZDUH6XSSRUW
$5HVXOWLQJDZDUGLVH[SHFWHGWRLQFOXGHD6FKHGXOH
EDVHGRQWKHFRPSOHWHG6HFWLRQ,3ULFH6FKHGXOH
; ;
1. CONTRACT T
The purpose of this Statement of Work (SOW) is to establish a single-award contract for
the procurement of commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) tax preparation software and
associated support services. Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) Contract Line-Item Numbers
(CLINs) will be used for the acquisition of software licenses and related services, as
required by volunteer sites. This acquisition will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation
(FAR) Part 15, Contracting by Negotiation. This contract does not obligate any funds at the time of award. Funds will be obligated
through the issuance of orders or modifications in accordance with applicable funding
procedures. The Government does not guarantee that the total quantity of supplies or
services ordered will equal the maximum contract ceiling. The contractor is guaranteed a minimum order of 8,500 software licenses during the
base period and, if exercised, during each of the four (4) option periods. The maximum contract ceiling amount the Government may award under this contract
is (To Be Completed at Time of Award).
2. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE
The base ordering period is a 12-month base period, with four (4)
consecutive 12-month option ordering periods as stated below:
• Base Period: August 17, 2026 – August 16, 2027
• Option Period 1: August 17, 2027 – August 16, 2028
• Option Period 2: August 17, 2028 – August 16, 2029
• Option Period 3: August 17, 2029 – August 16, 2030
• Option Period 4: August 17, 2030 – August 16, 2031
Transition-in activities are required for the first (90) days of contract performance. During the initial contract period, transition activities such as knowledge
transfer, system setup, data migration, help desk stand-up, training
material development, live web-based training sessions, and system testing
and acceptance, will be started in August 2026. In option years, training material development and live web-based training
will be started in August and be completed before January each year. Software shall operate at its full capacity by the beginning of the 2027
filing season (Tax Year 2026). Software licenses are valid one year of each contract period.
2 of 124
3. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE
The place of performance will primarily be the Contractor’s site. Ta
sk orders may be
issued for performance to be at VITA sites, TCE site, Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
facilities, or Treasury facilities. The specific place of performance shall be identified in
the award.
4. ORDERING PROCEDURES
A Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) single-award contract will be awarded to the Contractor based
on the pricing submitted for each deliverable under the applicable Contract Line-Item
Numbers (CLINs). The Contractor shall provide software licenses and associated
support services in accordance with the requirements set forth in this contract. Performance shall be authorized through the contract award and any subsequent
contract modifications, as applicable. Work shall be performed upon direction of the
Representative (COR) or Program Office and supported by a valid, fully funded
requisition.
5. SHIP TO LOCATIONS
Unless otherwise specified, all deliverables/ work products shall be provided to the IRS
COR and shipping to approximately 12,000 domestic and 70 international shipping
addresses which could include multiple deployments.
6. DELIVERABLES
Unless otherwise requested in writing by the COR, work products shall be produced
using Microsoft Office 2010 or later Professional products and delivered in accordance
with the deliverable schedule under Attachment 2. If it is required that deliverable(s) be
submitted in media storage form, all devices must be scanned and certified as virus
free.
7. RAMP-UP PERIOD
Work under this statement of work may require a ramp-up period at the initial start of
this contract. Under the Ramp-up Period the Contractor will recruit and hire personnel
specifically for this contract. Note: Refer to 4.6 TASK 6 in the SOW: RAMP-UP KNOWLEDGE TRANSFER-IN.
8. ORDER ADMINISTRATIVE DATA
8.1 Identification of Government Task Order Personnel
The COR designation will be identified by the CO’s written designation memo. Similarly,
the Alternate COR (ACOR) will be identified by the CO’s written designation memo. The
CO will identify the (COR/ACOR) via e-mail to the Contractor
8.2 Performance Required Beyond Standard Workday
3 of 124
If needed, performance may be required beyond the standard workday. Beginning with
the delivery of software through April, help desk support shall be available as follows:
Mon - Fri: 8 AM ET - 12 AM ET and Sat and Sun: 8 AM ET - 8 PM ET. Post filing
season, normal help desk hours are required Mon-Fri: 8 AM ET – 5 PM ET. In the case
of a problem the expectation is that the Contractor will have someone working on it until
it is resolved or a work around is established.
8.3 Personnel Removal and Replacement
The applicable contractor employees are subject to investigation by the government. Applicable contractor employees who undergo contractor clearances that reveal, but are
not limited to, the following may be unacceptable under this contract: conviction of a
felony, a crime of violence or a serious misdemeanor, a record of arrests for continuing
offenses, or failure to file or pay federal income tax. The government reserves the right
to determine if a contractor employee assigned to a task shall continue with the task. The contractor shall agree to remove the person assigned within one day of official
notification by the government and provide a replacement within five days. New hires or
substitutions of personnel are subject to the contractor clearance requirement.
8.4 Deliverables/ Work Products
All contractor deliverables or work products shall remain categorized as "Official Use
Only.” The release of any portion must be authorized in writing by the government. The contractor shall adhere to Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, which
requires access to the Federal Government electronic and information technology. The
law applies to all Federal agencies when they develop, procure, maintain, or use
electronic and information technology. Federal agencies must ensure that this
technology is accessible to employees and members of the public with disabilities.
http://www.section508.gov/. Each Electronic and Information technology product or service furnished under this
statement of work shall comply with the Electronic and Information Technology (EIT)
Accessibility Standards (29 U.S.C. 87794(d)). For every EIT product or service accepted under this contract by the Government that
does not comply with (29 U.S.C. 87794(d)), the contractor shall at the discretion of the
Government, make every effort to replace or upgrade it with a compliant equivalent
product or service, if commercially available and cost neutral, on either the planned
refresh cycle of the product or service, or on the order renewal date, whichever shall
occur first. The contractor will be working with sensitive taxpayer data under this contract and must
demonstrate the ability to pass all IRS security reviews required to receive access to
encrypted sensitive taxpayer data.
4 of 124
1. Background:
The Stakeholder Partnerships, Education and Communication (SPEC) organization within
Customer Assistance, Relationships and Education (CARE), provides free elec
tronic tax
preparation for taxpayers who are generally low-income, elderly, disabled or have limited
English proficiency. This service is provided nationwide in approximately 12,000 volunteer
sites. Most of the return preparation is performed by certified volunteers. Over each of the last three years, approximately 3.6 million Federal returns and 2.7 million state
returns were processed at these sites by over 96,000 volunteers, partners and employees. Generally, sites operate from January (beginning of e-file) through April 15. Some sites remain
open year around.
1.1 Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA):
SPEC partners with Community Based Coalitions, Non-profit Organizations, and local City and
State Governmental Agencies to provide free tax preparation services. These agencies support
the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program. VITA partners and volunteers prepare
basic tax returns for low-income taxpayers, who are U.S. citizens, residents and non-resident
aliens. All tax preparation is performed by a certified volunteer with the taxpayer present or by a
taxpayer with the assistance of a certified volunteer. These returns generally include income
from wages. VITA sites are located at neighborhood community centers, libraries, churches, shopping malls
and other locations that are convenient to the taxpayer, including a supplemental program for
taxpayers living abroad or near U.S. embassies overseas. Internet accessibility is to be
determined by location. SPEC also partners with the Armed Forces Tax Council to provide free return preparation for
active and retired military personnel at military bases and ships across the nation and
internationally. These returns can be more complex and include a wide- variety of forms and
schedules. These sites have Internet access but operate in a secure environment which tends to
impede communication speeds.
1.2 Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE):
Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE) offers tax assistance services similar to those provided
by VITA, as well as free tax counseling for elderly taxpayers, who are restricted to retirement
homes, neighborhood sites, or private care homes. These returns are generally more complex
than those prepared through VITA and may include income from pensions, annuities, and
social security benefits.
2. Objectives:
The objectives of this single award contract are the following:
• provide secure, commercial off the shelf (COTS) Tax Preparation Software supporting
VITA/TCE operations
5 of 124
• enable accurate preparation and transmission of federal and state taxes returns
• provide reliable user support and training to ensure successful filing season operations
• deliver timely and accurate reporting to support IRS program oversight
3. Scope:
The Contractor shall provide COTS tax preparation software, support services, training,
reporting, and system capabilities necessary to support IRS VITA and TCE programs across
approximately 12,000 sites globally.
4. Task:
CARE’s requirements include contractor support and facilitation of the following tasks:
Task 1 - Orientation Briefing
Task 2 - Software Production Environment: Software
Task 3 - Reporting Capabilities: User Generated, Recurring Contractor Generated Management
Reporting and Ad Hoc Contractor Generated Reporting
Task 4 - Help desk assistance and technical problem resolution support
Task 5 - Regulatory, Security and Privacy Standards
Task 6 - Ramp-Up Knowledge Transfer-In
Task 7 - Ramp-Up Knowledge Transfer-Out
Task 8 - Period of Performance Summary Report
Task 9 - Transition to Support
Task 10 - Site File Upload to the Tax Software
Task 11 - Direct Client Portal
4.1. Task 1: Orientation Briefing
Within two (2) weeks of award, the contractor shall conduct an orientation briefing for the
Government. The Government does not desire an elaborate orientation briefing, nor does it
expect the contractor to expend significant resources in preparation for this briefing. Rather, the
intent of the briefing is to initiate the communication process between the Government and
Contractor by introducing key participants, explaining their roles, reviewing communication
ground rules, and assuring a common understanding of the requirements and objectives. The orientation briefing shall be held at an IRS facility or via a conference call. Both parties
shall mutually agree upon which method, the date and time. The completion of this briefing shall
result in the following:
A. The contractor and Government personnel who will perform work under
this contract will be introduced. B. Any issues concerning the contractor clearances for contractor personnel
will be discussed. C. The contractor shall demonstrate confirmation of their understanding of
the work to be accomplished under this statement of work.
6 of 124
4.2 Task 2: Software
Production Environment: Software
A. Core Functionality
• Prepare federal, state, local returns
• Support all required forms
• Allow web + desktop operation +Facilitated Self Assisted (FSA) self-preparation
• Utilize a taxpayer portal that allows taxpayers to upload income documents and fill in an intake sheet
remotely or on site
• Include VITA TCE intake sheet Form 13614C electronically
• Allow the capability to compare the intake sheet and source documents to the final prepared return and
any inconsistencies reported in diagnostic results
• Include the ability to scan in income forms or direct upload into software from the taxpayer portal
B. User Management & Security
• Role-based access
• Authentication
• Audit tracking
C. Data Handling
• Secure storage
• Upload/download capability
• Data transfer between sites
o Such as between taxpayer and sites via taxpayer portal
D. Filing & Transmission
• E-file capability
• Acknowledgements
• Error handling
4.2.1 Functional Requirements for All Software:
4.2.1.1 All software shall be capable of accurately preparing and filing any individual federal,
state and local income tax returns for all possible tax situations prescribed by the IRS that may
occur among those served by the VITA and TCE programs. At these sites, volunteers either
prepare tax returns for taxpayers, or assist taxpayers with self-preparation. Not all volunteer sites
7 of 124
have internet access. The contractor must provide a method for the software to function as a
Web-Based Version, Self-Preparer Web-Based Version, and a Desktop Version. (See Glossary)
The software shall be capable of electronic return preparation for the following 1040 Series
Family Forms, including but not limited to 1040, 1040SR, 1040NR, 1040NREZ, 1040PR and
1040X. All tax software companies must have passed IRS Assurance Testing System (ATS)
and have permission to transmit returns.
4.2.1.1.a
The Contractor shall provide/support/implement:
• The Contractor shall ensure the software functions as a web-based application
for assisted tax preparation.
• Capability of the Desktop Version to install software and prepare tax returns on
computers without an internet connection.
• The Contractor shall ensure the site managers have the capability to track the status of
prepared return as it passes through IRS-defined stages: Preparing, Reviewing & e-
file/transmitting.
• The system shall ensure that only one authorized user can edit a tax return at a time.
• Functionality which allows for capturing generic preparer-user data fields to capture
information not found on the return, such as client demographic information or other user
defined fields.
• The system shall allow for a real-time diagnostic form checks (aka schema
validation) and tax law validation on tax returns.
• Functionality of all Versions to support the indirect transmission of e-filed federal,
applicable state, and local tax returns.
• The system shall ensure it has the capability to securely download a taxpayer data file
on fixed and removable storage media and import the data file back into the software.
• The system shall ensure a user or taxpayer remotely at one location to be able to
securely upload taxpayer documents and fill out intake sheet 13614-C to a different user
at another location or at the tax preparation site.
• The system shall potentially allow for the interface/upload of an IRS digital form (i.e. Form 13614-C).
• The Contractor shall ensure that only authorized users (see Attachment 5 - Glossary)
can use the software within distinct permission levels in order to restrict certain users
from performing functions described in Attachment 1 – Roles and Responsibilities.
• The system shall support transmission of returns for multiple EFINs at a site.
• Quality review to compare intake sheet and source documents with final return.
• Quality control features
which require review of a completed tax return and the ability to
print a return, prior to submission.
• The system shall ensure authorized users can determine who is working on a return
during each stage of the filing process.
• Ability to identify who performed a quality review tracked in the system
• Need for remote quality reviews
o Video chat function
8 of 124
o Ability to obtain taxpayer consent to review their return prior to submission.
o Ability to randomly select a return for review.
o Ability to upload documents that support the quality review process.
• Potentially adding a function to allow volunteers to share a document with the client and
the client share with the preparer
• Ability to restrict certain functions so the taxpayer can’t access a finalized document
before signing their return.
• Method for volunteers completing taxes to include notes.
• Ability for software to calculate the allowable portion of the standard deduction when
there’s exempt income.
• Ability for the software to calculate the reduction in foreign taxes.
• The system shall ensure for the administrator or designee to restrict a user to one Data entry (i.e.,
prepare vs. transmitter) mode.
• The system shall ensure EFIN/SIDNs of authorized licenses are associated with every return and
preloaded into the default settings
• Process for which the Contractor can authenticate the EFIN of every transmission to the
authorized licensee of the software.
• Notification process and the timeframe to acknowledge receipt, acceptance, and rejection
of a return by the IRS.
• Functionality to provide timely notifications for acknowledgements, receipt, acceptance,
and rejection of a return by the IRS.
• The system shall require volunteers to update passwords upon first login.
• The system shall allow a return that is started on a software package at a site to be
completed by another volunteer using the same software package at the same site.
• The system shall print individual forms and/or a customizable package of forms for all printer types.
• The system shall have a VITA informational blog platform so that performance and program related
information can be shared to users.
4.2.2 Requirements for Self-Preparation Version:
Functionality of the Self-Preparer Version to return errors and acknowledgements to the taxpayer
via electronic notification.
4.2.3 Preparation Capabilities
All software shall be capable of preparing and filing any individual federal, state and local
income tax returns for all possible tax situations prescribed by the IRS that may occur among
those served by the VITA and TCE programs. Refer to Publication 1345, Handbook for
Authorized IRS e-file Providers of Individual Income Tax Returns and Publication 4012 Scope
Chart. The Contractor shall provide/support/implement:
• Software shall have no limit as to the number of local, state, and federal tax returns that
can be filed per licensed copy.
• Ability to send an email to taxpayers to upload their documents via a link or QR code
and fill out the intake sheet within the taxpayer portal.
• Ability for preparer to drag drop income documents from taxpayer portal.
9 of 124
• Ability for software to compare the intake sheet, source documents and prepared
return and give feedback in diagnostics about any irregularities found.
• The system shall scan/upload images of tax documents (i.e., W-2, 1099, supporting
documents and form13614C etc.) at site A (intake site) or input by taxpayer into the
software for temporary storage and transfer to site B (return preparation site). To increase
VITA/TCE partner flexibility and facilitate the remote preparation of tax returns at
offsite partner tax locations, the contractor shall provide the capability for volunteers and
taxpayers to upload, view, and store files to the tax software. Documents can be
uploaded to the contractor’s secure servers using either a scanner and/or a mobile device. The uploaded files must be associated with a specific client tax account or return. Users
will have the ability to label and delete files as needed. File storage will be unlimited, and
uploaded files will not be automatically deleted until the tax software is taken down for
revisions/upgrades for the following tax year (i.e., November or December).
• The system shall securely store data from the previous tax year returns and supporting
the secure transfer of taxpayer information into the current tax return.
• Ability to meet IRS assurance testing system standards for filing electronic returns as
well as the ability to prepare non-e-file returns.
• The system shall support interview-based data entry capabilities for federal, state, and
local returns. (See Glossary)
• The system shall support form-based data entry capabilities for federal, state and local
returns. (See Glossary)
• Data entry modes for different experience levels of tax preparation to assist with
gathering information necessary to prepare a return, interview based and forms-
based preparation.
• The system shall switch between form-based and interview-based data entry modes in
real- time, without losing any information already entered.
• Ability for the software to support state income tax return preparation capabilities for all
states with an income tax filing requirement by the 1st day of the filing season.
• Ability to support multiple states, local, and municipal return preparation capabilities.
• Ability to support independent federal and state return preparation capabilities. (e.g.
either return may be prepared without preparing the other.)
• Supported refund and payment methods including Electronic Funds transfer (EFT) (i.e.
direct deposit, direct debit), paper check, split refunds and savings bond refunds. Provide diagnostic alert in review for returns with a refund without a direct deposit. Alert preparer that a notice may be sent to the taxpayer and delays may occur.
• Capability to disable any feature that offers the taxpayers a debit card.
• State return preparation capabilities for full and part year residents and non- residents.
• The system shall auto-populate information between Form 13614-C intake sheet, sta
te and federal
returns.
• The system shall access for user the self-service help features to understand how to
navigate and complete a tax return and resolve errors. The help features must provide
context sensitive help, including form-specific and field-specific help instructions.
• Ability to prepare Federal, state and local individual tax returns for the current tax year
and previous five tax years.
• Ability to e-file federal individual tax returns for the current tax year and previous two tax
years.
10 of 124
• Ability to prepare amended returns.
• A method to carry forward permissible data to the next year’s tax return within each
software version.
4.3 Task 3: Reporting Capabilities: User-Generated, Recurring Contractor
Generated Management Reporting and AD HOC Contractor Generated
Each volunteer site is required to provide statistics on the taxpayers served at the site to its
sponsoring organization. Therefore, the contractor shall provide, within the software, site level
reporting capabilities. The respective software shall also provide the IRS POC, or their designee,
with the ability to retrieve statistical data of taxpayers served for all IRS licenses. In addition to
the standard reports the Contractor shall allow for custom reporting.
4.3.1 User Generated Reports
The contractor shall provide software that allows appropriately authorized users to create and run
customized (also called “ad hoc”) management reports, based on a selection of data fields
included but not limited to 4.3.2 Recurring Contractor Generated Management Reporting
section below. This ability can be provided from within the software and must be accessible
through a separate reporting website. The online reporting website for all IRS licensees shall run
the same reports available from the desktop software. Users will be able to generate reports with
any available data. They should also be able to customize reports by adding the features they
require and exporting the file in a readable format such as MS Excel. Reports should be
expanded such as FSA and remote reports. Be able to customize prior year returns reports on the
dates needed. The contractor shall provide the following standard statistical reports on demand, for all
platforms:
• Summary report on federal tax returns, categorized by various parameters
including EFIN, return status and date of preparation.
• Detailed report on federal tax return s prepared by EFIN and SIDN including
Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) and general information for each taxpayer and
detailed information about each return prepared.
• Summary and Detailed reports on federal tax returns by tax form type with
schedules – and should include all forms and schedules prepared.
• IRS e-Filing Acceptance and Rejects summary and detailed reports.
• Pending Acknowledgement summary and detailed reports – from either the IRS or
states.
• Listing of all clients with summarized general information details for each client and
categorized by EFIN and SIDN.
• Listing of all Employer Identification Numbers (EIN) used in each tax return (state or
federal) and summary across all tax returns. That is, the EINs from the taxpayer’s W-
2
, 1099.
• Reports cross-referencing details captured within the generic data fields per
prepared tax return.
• Tax Preparer summary and detailed reports.
• Number of claims and total dollar amount for state claims of EIC, refunds, and
11 of 124
balance due.
• Summary reports on counts of self-prepared and volunteer prepared.
• Develop and maintain reporting capabilities for the VI TA informational blog platform to track and
report user engagement metrics for IRS-uploaded content, including views, downloads, and total file
access counts.
• Reports showing relevant tax law elements while active, i.e., Trump accounts, senior credit, overtime
and tax on tips. Data to include number of taxpayers using and dollars affected on return.
• Reports of how many people do not select Direct Deposit and prefer a paper check including
percentage of total returns prepared
4.3.2 Recurring Contractor Generated Management Reporting
The Contractor shall provide accurate, timely management reports containing the required
information weekly and monthly. Prior to the beginning of the filing season, the IRS would like
the capability to discuss additional/deletion of fields annually based on tax law changes. In
addition to reports provided to the licenses within the software, the contractor shall provide
the following reports to the IRS POC:
• Weekly management reports during January through April
• Monthly management reports May through October
• A summary report containing th e aggregate information belo w about the returns entered
at each site and at all sites in accordance with the delivery schedule specified in the table
of deliverables. The reports shall contain, but not limited to the following data fields:
o 1040 Returns – Type of Return
o 1040SR Returns – Type of Return
o 1040X Returns – Type of Return
o Single – Filing Status
o Married Filing Joint – Filing Status
o Married Filing Separately – Filing Status
o Head of Household – Filing Status
o Qualifying Widow(er) – Filing Status
o Earned Income Tax Credit – Number of taxpayers that claimed EITC
o Average EITC – Average dollar amount of EITC claimed
o Total EITC – Total dollar amount of EITC claimed
o Child Tax Credit/Credit for Other Dependents – Number of taxpayers that claimed
CTC/Child tax credit/credit for other dependents
o Average Child Tax Credit/Child tax credit/credit for other dependents – Average
dollar amount of CTC/Child tax credit/credit for other dependents claimed
o Total Child Tax Credit/Child tax credit/credit for other dependents – Total dollar
amount of CTC/Child tax credit/credit for other dependents claimed
o Education Tax Credit – Number of taxpayers that claimed the Education Tax Credit
o Average Education Tax Credit – Average dollar amount of Education Tax Credit
claimed
o Total Education Tax Credit – Total dollar amount of Education Tax Credit claimed
o Elderly Credit – Number of taxpayers that claimed the Elderly Tax Credit
o Average Elderly Credit – Average dollar amount of Elderly Tax Credit claimed
o Total Elderly Credit – Total dollar amount of Elderly Tax Credit claimed
12 of 124
o Total Marketplace – Total number of marketplace exemptions claimed
o Total_Exemptions_7A – Total number exemptions claimed
o Total IRS Exemptions – Total number of exemptions claimed
o Full Year Count – Total number of returns with full year coverage
o Resp Payment Count – Total number of returns with Shared Responsibility Payment
(SRP)
o Total Resp Payment – Total dollar amount of SRP
o Average Payment – Average dollar amount of SRP
o Adv PTC Repayment Count – Total number of returns with Advance PTC
o Total Adv PTC Repayment – Total dollar amount of Advance PTC Repayment
o Average Adv PTC Repayment – Average dollar amount of Advance PTC
o PTC Count – Total number of returns with Premium Tax Credit
o Total PTC – Total dollar amount of Premium Tax Credit
o Average PTC – Average dollar amount of Premium Tax Credit
o Transmitted – Total number of returns that were transmitted
o Accepted – Total number of returns that were accepted
o Rejected – Total number of returns that were rejected
o First Transmission Date – Date the first transmission was sent to contractor
o Last Transmission Date – Date the last transmission was sent to contractor
o Requesting Direct Deposit – Total number of returns that requested Direct Deposit
o Average AGI – Average Adjusted Gross Income
o Total Refund Amt – Total refund amount for all transmitted returns
o Average Refund Amt – Average refund amount for all transmitted returns
o Total Bal Due Amt – Total balance due amount for all transmitted returns
o Total Zero Balance Returns
o Average Bal Due Amt – Average balance due amount for all transmitted returns
o Primary or Secondary 60+ - Total number of primary taxpayers/spouses that were
60 years of age or older
o SIDN/PTIN – Site Identification Numb er
o SCHED_1
o SCHED_2
o SCHED_3
o SCHED_A – If a schedule A is included in the return = A
o SCHED_B - If a schedule B is included in the return = B
o SCHED_C - If a schedule C is included in the return = C
o SCHED_D - If a schedule D is included in the return = D
o SCHED_E - If a schedule E is included in the return = E
o SCHED_F - If a schedule F is included in the return = F
o SCHED_R - If a schedule R is included in the return = R
o SCHED_SETP - If a schedule SE is included in the return = SE-TP
o SCHED_SESP - If a schedule SE is included in the return = SE-SP
o SCHED_EIC - If a schedule EIC is included in the return = EIC
o SCHED_CEZ - If a schedule CEZ is included in the return = CEZ
o EFIN – Electronic Filing Identification Number
o USER_NAME – Username where the return is stored
13 of 124
o FIRST_NAME – Taxpayer’s first name
o LAST_NAME – Taxpayer’s last name
o FILING_STATUS – 1=Single; 2=Married filing Joint; 3=Married filing Separate;
4=Head of Household; 5=Qualifying Widow/Widower
o NUMBER_OF_DEPENDENTS – Number of dependents claimed on return
o AGI - Total dollar amount of AGI on return
o CHILD_CARE_CREDIT Total dollar amount of Child Care Credit claimed
o TAX - Total dollar amount of tax on return
o UNEMPLOYMENT - Total dollar amount of Unemployment Income reported
o REFUND - Total dollar amount of refund on return
o RETURN_TYPE – E = Electronic; P=Paper
o DIRECT_DEPOSIT – T=Yes; F=No and dollar amount
o MULTIPLE_REFUND_DEPOSIT – Total number of refunds deposited into a single
bank account
o STATE_REFUND - Total dollar amount of State Refund on return
o STATE_REJECTED_DATE – Date return was rejected
o STATE_ACCEPTED_DATE – Date return was accepted
o STATE_TRANSMITTED – Total number of returns that were transmitted
o TAXPAYER_AGE – Primary taxpayer’s age at time of the return
o DATE_OF_BIRTH – Date of birth for primary taxpayer
o CITY
o STATE
o ZIP
o FORM_8888 – T=Yes; F=No
o ITIN - Number of ITIN returns prepared
o Number of paper refund checks requested including count, amount, and percentage of returns
filed
o Number of Trump Accounts set up including count and dollar amount
o Number of Tips deducted including number of taxpayers and dollar amount
• Number of Overtime Credit applied including number of taxpayer and dollar amount
4.3.3 Ad Hoc Contractor Generated Reporting
The Contractor shall provide accu
rate, timely management reports containing the required
information as needed for ad hoc requests. In addition to reports provided to the licensees within
the software, the contractor shall provide management reports on an ad hoc basis to the IRS
POC. The reports may contain the following information by the preparing EFIN:
• The total number of accepted federal and state returns filed electronically
identified as transmitted, accepted and rejected.
• The total number of accepted returns by filing status, i.e. married filing jointly, single,
etc. and by type of form (1040, 1040S-R, etc.).
• Software package used, the SIDN, State EITC, State balance dues, State refund, the
total number of accepted returns electronically filed claiming the earned income tax
credit, child tax credit, education credit, and credit for the elderly, and the total
amount of credits claimed.
• Each EFIN’s beginning and ending transmission date.
14 of 124
• Total number of accepted returns electronically filed requesting direct deposit of
refunds.
• Average AGI of returns electronically filed.
• The total number of federal returns that have zero or one-dollar AGI.
• Number of accepted returns electronically filed where the primary or secondary
filers were age 60 or over.
• The total number of accepted returns electronically filed claiming a refund and the total
amount of refunds.
• The total number of zero balance returns.
• Total number of self-prepared and preparer prepared returns.
• The total number of accepted returns electronically filed claiming a balance due and
the total amount of the balance due.
• The total number of returns filed that used an ITIN.
4.4 Task 4: Helpdesk Assistance and Technical Problem Resolution Support
The Contractor shall provide a support website, toll-free telephone number, email, and chat
help desk support to licensees for all products. The help desk will provide timely issue
resolution to the licensees and detailed reporting to the IRS. Help desk support is defined as
assistance that provides successful resolution of questions relating to software/hardware
compatibility and functionality issues of the Contractor’s software. This includes providing
support for trouble-shooting technical issues related to the installation and operation of the
software (hardware, printers, etc.). Provided below are the minimum help desk requirements:
• Beginning with the delivery of software through April, help desk support shall be
available as follows: Mon - Fri: 8 AM ET - 12 AM ET and Sat and Sun: 8 AM ET - 8 PM
ET. Post filing season (see Glossary), normal help desk hours are required Mon-Fri: 8
AM ET – 5 PM ET. In the case of a problem the Contractor will have someone working
on it until it is resolved or a work around is established.
• The POCs for support issues shall provide contact information including a phone number,
an email address, and contact information for after hours as necessary.
• The help desk support shall permit unlimited contact from POC and IRS licenses by
phone, email, chat, etc.
• The help desk shall provide a first contact resolution rate of at least 95% regardless of the
method of reporting the problem.
• If resolution cannot be achieved during the initial contact, the Contractor shall provide a
response within one hour with a status update. In no more than 4 hours the help desk shall
present a plan for resolution. Problem resolution shall occur within 24 hours.
• All calls shall receive first level help desk support with an on-hold time less than five
minutes.
• During the filing season, all he
lp desk contacts shall be logged and accounted for in
detail. The contact log shall contain a tracking number and capture the following:
o The type of IRS program, i.e. VITA, TCE, etc.,
o licensee's EFIN,
o the problem identified,
15 of 124
o the solution that was provided to the licensee,
o date of contact, time of day,
o date of solution,
o length of time to answer in minutes,
o length of call in minutes if applicable,
o number of incoming contacts,
o number of abandoned contacts,
o if contacts are categorized, the Contractor will provide a legend that defines the
categories,
o Software type (web-based, desktop or self-preparer version).
• The Contractor shall provide, administer, and maintain a support website for licensee access
including IRS licenses.
• The support website shall be available to IRS licensees twenty-four hours a day, seven
days a week.
• All content on the support website (including FAQs, Blogs, etc.) shall be text
searchable and accessible for a period of three years.
• The Contractor’s support website shall provide product information, frequently asked
questions and answers (FAQ’s), links to email support and software updates.
• In the event of an unscheduled outage, the Contractor shall provide initial notification to
the COR no later than (15) minutes after initial discovery, hourly updates, and a
resolution of the problem via broadcast email to all licensed POCs.
• In order to increase efficiency of interactions between VITA/TCE partners and clients,
the contractor shall provide a client portal that allows for direct two-way communication
between sites and clients.
4.5 Task 5: Regulatory, Security and Privacy Standards
Award of this contract will be contingent upon the contractor’s facility, systems, and
procedures, successfully passing the IRS Contractor Review, performed within 2 weeks after
notice of intent to award. After the Contractor Review, the Contractor will submit a plan of
compliance to mitigate the risks within 2 weeks from IRS notification of vulnerabilities or risks
disclosed during the review. The Contractor is solely responsible for the costs of the respective
mitigation plan. The contractor shall be fully compliant with the risk mitigation plan, including
IRS required changes to the risk mitigation plan. IRS will perform a follow-up safeguard
review within 2 weeks after the 60-day deadline to validate contractor compliance. Because of
heightened security awareness, the IRS may, from time to time, notify the contractor of
increased risks, and request changed security procedures. The contractor shall negotiate with
the IRS to determine the timing, scope, and resolution of the problems. The contractor shall comply with all applicable security rules and regulations as specified in
this Statement of Work. In addition, the contractor shall comply with the most current
version of the publications listed on Attachment 3 – Applicable IRS Publications and IRS
Internal Revenue Manuals (IRM).
4.6 Task 6: Ramp-Up Knowledge Transfer-In
Ramp-Up Knowledge Transfer-In is defined as the Contractor obtaining and understanding the
necessary documentation, information, readiness activities, and processes related to any work
that is used for the VITA and TCE programs. This task includes meeting with the IRS Subject
Matter Experts frequently to gather any tacit knowledge related to the Internal Revenue Service,
16 of 124
Information Technology (IT) computer systems and services (i.e. Core Systems, Compliance
Document Matching, and Solutions Engineering/Enterprise Services) or programs in
development. The government estimates this task will take approximately four to six months to
complete after the contract is awarded. The Contractor shall appoint a knowledge transfer manager to oversee the transfer-in process. Prior to the process, the Contractor shall develop a draft Knowledge Transfer Plan (KTP) and
present it to the Government within the first 15 business days after the contract is awarded. The
KTP shall identify the Contractor resources and roles involved in the process, provide a list of
risks and mitigation strategies for the transfer, and contain a detailed resource balanced project
schedule. The KTP project schedule shall identify responsibilities, needs, milestones, and lessons
learned under the previous contract. The project schedule shall be at sufficient level of detail to
track progress on a bi-weekly basis, (i.e., all responsibilities will be detailed to a level such that
no activity has duration of more than ten workdays). The Government shall have 20 business days to review the draft KTP plan and provide
comments to the Contractor. Government and Contractor representatives will then meet to
discuss the comments after which the Contractor shall incorporate the agreed-upon changes and
deliver a final KTP plan within five working days of the government’s feedback. The contractor shall meet with the IRS bi-weekly (twice a month) to discuss the progress of the
knowledge transfer. The Contractor shall show an updated KTP schedule/timeline and discuss
any risks or concerns at this time. The Contractor shall implement the KTP (to not disrupt the tax season) and provide a schedule
of events. In addition, the Contractor shall complete the following readiness activities:
• customization of reporting capabilities.
• software customizations, if applicable.
• testing;
• help desk stand up; and
• training volunteers to use the software.
4.7 Task 7: Ramp-Up Knowledge Transfer-Out
At the end of this contract, the Contractor shall provide transfer-out services. The Contractor
shall facilitate the transition of contracted activities and services to a new Contractor in
accordance with the Government Approved Transfer-Out Plan. The transition period shall not
exceed 90 days after the new contract is awarded. Should the incumbent not be awarded the re-
compete contract, the Contractor will be required to support phase out activities and transition to
the new Contractor, including knowledge transfer, data transfer, system handover, support
continuity, training for successor and final deliverables. The Contractor shall provide a
Knowledge Transfer Plan that is accepted by the Government and successfully completes
knowledge transfer in accordance with the plan. The Contractor shall:
• Minimize transition impact to the user community.
• Ensure no breaks in service availability.
• Maintain existing se
rvice quality and performance levels.
17 of 124
• Ensure a transparent and seamless transition.
• Maintain support and meet delivery milestones of ongoing projects.
• Ensure that the IT security posture during transition is maintained at current levels
without creating gaps and/or vulnerabilities.
4.8 Task 8: Period of Performance Summary Report
Customer Support Services for the IRS COR: The Contractor shall provide a full time point
of contact (POC) to partner with the IRS Contracting Officer Representative (COR) to be
available to discuss and address issues that may arise. The Contractor POC shall facilitate and
participate in conference calls with IRS licenses at least twice a week at the beginning of the
IRS’ fiscal year starting in October of each year throughout the filing season to discuss updates
to the software and field questions from partners. In addition, as part of filing season readiness
(starting in May of each year), the contractor shall facilitate and/or participate in post filing
season activities (lessons learned, training, meetings, etc.), as needed by the request of the IRS
POC. The Contractor shall provide a period of performance summary report which provides
details on accomplishments, challenges, proposed changes, strategic planning, and anything
noteworthy for the preceding period. The Contractor shall provide the ability for IRS licensees to designate additional notification
points of contact (POC) who will also receive automatic e-mail notifications of updates and
changes to the software. The Contractor POC shall work with the IRS on employee, partner,
and volunteer communications relating to their products and services. The Contractor POC shall respond to reasonable requests for customization of features within
the software. Examples of such requests include blocking bank products, linking to IRS
training websites or customizing default values including SIDN and EFIN within the
software (to reduce volunteer burden). The Contractor shall respond to requests for reports as needed on previously described data
fields and for fields which are impacted by new tax law and tax law changes. The Contractor
shall create and run customized management reports at the request of the IRS POC. The reports
may be generated for internal or external use. The Contractor shall allow the IRS the right to include screenshots and Contractor product
information material in written materials and collateral, that will be used in support of the Tax
Assistance Programs. The Contractor shall partner with the IRS POC to verify accuracy of
software screenshots or product information included in IRS publications. The Contractor may
be asked to provide screenshots in the format needed to the IRS POC via email if the
information is not readily available via the software. The Government also reserves the right to request this report at any point during the performance
of the contract at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. This ad hoc report, if desired, will
only be requested once during the life of the contract and is in addition to the regularly
scheduled Period of Performance Summary report. The Contractor shall provide the Period of Performance Summary Report. The Contractor shall
provide customer support/helpdesk to the licensee sites, deployment of software and associated
material
s and training to the volunteers. The goal is to facilitate open communications between
18 of 124
the Contractor and IRS POC. The Contractor and IRS POC shall remain in constant
communication regarding the software, updates, reporting, required training, or any other tasks
within the scope of the Statement of Work.
4.9 Task 9: Transition to Support
The transition to support process shall include, but not be limited, to the following:
Training requirements and materials:
The volunteers who are preparing tax returns and assisting taxpayers may have limited
experience with tax preparation and using the Contractor’s software. The Contractor shall
provide/implement a method of delivery in which to provide training that is effective, efficient,
and feasible to ensure that up to 96,000 volunteers and employees are trained to use the
software. The Contractor shall provide/implement their methods to deliver online and face-to-
face training. The contractor’s training methods shall include use of online training modules including videos,
face-to-face, webinars, recordings of webinars, a practice environment to enter mock return
information and Contractor facilitated training forums. The Contractor should provide a testing environment for volunteer training purposes. During contract performance, the contractor shall provide a Beta version of all software and
documentation, prior to it becoming commercially available, no later than October 15
thof each
year. This software will be made available to the IRS Workstations Standards Idea Lab for
testing and to the IRS Point of Contact (POC). Functionality of the Web-Based Professional Version and Desktop Professional Version is such
that they would require the same training to us e both of them. The contractor shall provide a
training plan. The training plan shall be subject to modification based on feedback from the IRS
POC once the contract has been awarded. (See Attachment 2 - Deliverables)
The contractor’s training plan shall specify the following training details:
• trouble-shooting scenarios;
• a training pilot session;
• length of training;
• training schedule;
• course objectives;
• course content outline with each section or topic indicating user roles and user
segments targeted;
• course material to include exercises and examples, for each user role and user
segment;
• measurement method/tool to indicate successful completion of specific exercises
or test; and
• a plan for IRS licensee training over the life of the contract. The contractor’s web-based training software must provide three second or shorter response
19 of 124
time. The Contractor shall describe/provide/implement a registration process for student
enrollment in training sessions. The Contractor shall describe/provide/implement a method to capture participants no later
than 5 days after attending each training session. The Contractor shall describe/provide/implement a method to customize the training,
curriculum and materials for IRS requirements based on user responsibilities. (See Attachment
1- Roles and Responsibilities)
The Contractor shall describe/provide/implement a method for training IRS volunteers
without access to the internet. The Contractor shall describe/provide/implement a method to access reference materials
within the software. The contractor shall provide a printed user guide to accompany each software package
delivered. The contractor shall also make th e user guide accessible online to all users. Training materials shall cover accurately preparing federal tax returns, transmitting the
returns, generating reports, picking up acknowledgement/ rejected files, and correcting
rejected returns. The Contractor shall make printed and electronic training materials available in English and
Spanish. The Contractor shall describe/provide/implement their method of providing training
materials in all software versions. The Contractor shall provide online training for multiple users per site to practice creating,
modifying, and printing sample returns with solutions to practice problems. The Contractor shall provide an online training environment that replicates the Desk/Web
version of federal returns and requires users to create a unique account. The Contractor shall
provide training materials for IRS use. Software Production Environment: Software, Maintenance, Distribution, and Disaster
Recovery (i.e. fix software bugs/problems, updates, and upgrades)
The Contractor shall provide/support/implement their:
• The Contractor shall ensure distribution of software.
• The Contractor shall ensure maintenance for software packages (including release
notes for bug fixes, patches, notification regarding updates to users, and upgrades).
• The Contractor shall ensure a process for ordering, providing immediate
acknowledgement of orders, tracking, and distributing software to the IRS and
shipping to approximately 12,000 domestic and 70 international shipping addresses
20 of 124
which could include multiple deployments.
• The Contractor shall ensure a procedure for unused licenses to be transferred from one user to a
different user.
• The system shall provide credit for unused licenses.
• Ability to provide deployment metrics back to the IRS Contracting Officer
Representative such as real-time counts of the software units purchased, distributed,
deployed, and un-delivered shipments.
• Ordering process that allows only the IRS COR or designee to place software orders and
authorize software distribution upon receipt of a signed delivery order.
• The system shall allow a site administrator to create a local network, to manage user
accounts, passwords, system updates, shared printing, and other configurable items. Availability Requirements at a minimum shall:
• Web-based software shall be available 99% of the time each week based on a 168-hour
week and excluding time for weekly scheduled maintenance.
• Scheduled maintenance shall not disrupt VITA operations utilizing overnight updates as feasible.
• Web-based software shall provide a three (3) second or shorter system response/refresh
time at all times that the system is available.
• Contingency plan in the event the web-based version is not available. Access codes shall
be interchangeable between the web-based and desktop packages of professional
software. That is, every access code may be used to activate either the web-based
software or desktop software. Disaster Recovery at a minimum shall include the following:
• The Contractor shall provide/support/implement their disaster recovery plan and business
continuity plan/procedures.
• The Contractor shall provide the results of the disaster recovery tests. (See deliverable
table).
• In the event of a catastrophic event (e.g. natural disasters, technological failures, human
threats, etc.), the Contractor shall provide a recovery to full service as quickly as possible
(i.e. to prevent an outage from exceeding 24 hours from the beginning of the reported
event.)
• The disaster recovery, business continuity plan and instructions shall be provided to the
IRS POC in the event an outage occurs.
• The Contractor shall provide the capability to re-establish IRS licensee’s data files to a
condition that existed no more than 2 hours before the interruption in the event of system
failures or facility disasters to prevent loss of data and provide business continuity.
• The Contractor shall deliver on-going training that is efficient and feasible to ensure that
up to 96,000 volunteers and employees are trained to effectively use the software.
• During the initial contract year, the training sessions will star t in August.
• In option years following the initial contract year, training sessions will start in
October and be available through January.
• The Contractor shall provide access to training materials as described in this statement of
work.
• The Contractor shall provide a process that ensures efficient deployment(s) of the
software to licensees or any other tasks within the scope of the Statement of
21 of 124
Work.
4.10 Task 10: Site File Upload to the Tax Software
In order to increase VITA/TCE partner flexibility and facilitate the remote preparation of tax
returns at offsite partner tax locations, the contractor shall provide the capability for volunteers
and taxpayers to upload, view, and store files to the tax software. Documents can be uploaded to
the contractor’s secure servers using either a scanner and/or a mobile device. The uploaded files
must be associated with a specific client tax account or return. Users will have the ability to label
and delete files as needed. File storage will be unlimited, and uploaded files will not be
automatically deleted until the tax software is taken down for revisions/upgrades for the
following tax year (i.e., November or December). Files should be able to drag drop into tax
preparation software. Ability to send email or link to taxpayers to upload documents and fill out
the Form 13614-C.
4.11 Task 11: Direct Client Portal
In order to increase efficiency of interactions between VITA/TCE partners and clients, the
contractor shall provide a client portal that allows for direct two-way communication between
sites and clients. The portal will allow clients to:
The portal will allow clients to:
2) Securely upload files, including income documents, to their account using a computer or other
device. These documents should be able to drag/drop into software.
3) Fill out a Form 13614-C Intake Sheet. Diagnostics for preparer should be able to compare
entries on intake sheet, income documents and the prepared return and give the preparer any
alerts to issues or mismatch that could cause an inaccurate return. The IRS SPEC definition of
an accurate return is the intake sheet and source documents match the return prepared. It is
important to know if the intake sheet had income or deductions that didn’t end up on a return.
5) Send and receive messages about their account from their tax preparation site
5. Period of Performance:
The base ordering period is a 12-month base period, with four (4) consecutive 12-month option
ordering periods as stated below:
• Base Period: August 17, 2026 – August 16, 2027
• Option Period 1: August 17, 2027 – August 16, 2028
• Option Period 2: August 17, 2028 – August 16, 2029
• Option Period 3: August 17, 2029 – August 16, 2030
• Option Period 4: August 17, 2030 – August 16, 2031
Transition-in activities are required for the first (90) days of contract performance. During the initial contract period, transition activities such as knowledge transfer, system setup,
data migration, help desk stand-up, training material development, live web-based training
sessions, and system testing and acceptance, will be started in August 2026.
22 of 124
In option years, training material development and live web-based training will be started in
August and be completed before January each year. Software shall operate at its full capacity by the beginning of the 2027 filing season (Tax Year
2026). Software licenses are valid one year from November – November of each contract period.
6. Place of Performance:
The place of performance will primarily be at the Contractor’s site. The award may be issued
for performance to be at VITA sites, TCE site, Internal Revenue Service (IRS) facilities, or
Treasury facilities. The specific place of performance will be specified within the contract. On Ordering Procedures:
The Award will be issued to the Contractor using the pricing submitted for each deliverable, for
the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN), as the need for software and support arises. Awards
issued against the contract will only be issued from the Procurement Office via a Contracting
Officer and/or Contract Specialist when the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) or
Program Officer requires the next level of support for a specific CLIN and a fully funded
requisition is provided.
7. Ship to locations:
Unless otherwise specified, all deliverable/work products shall be provided to the IRS COR
and shipping to approximately 12,000 domestic and 70 international shipping addresses which
could include multiple deployments.
8. Deliverables:
Unless otherwise requested in writing by the COR, work products shall be produced using
Microsoft Office 2010 or later Professional products and delivered in accordance with the
deliverable schedule under Attachment 2. If it is required that deliverable(s) be submitted in
media storage form, all devices must be scanned and certified as virus free.
9. Ramp-Up Period
Work under this statement of work may require a ramp-up period at the initial start of this
contract. Under the Ramp-up Period the Contractor will recruit and hire personnel specifically
for this contract. Note: Refer to 4.6 TASK 6: RAMP-UP KNOWLEDGE TRANSFER-IN.
10. Order Administrative Data
10.1 Identification of Government Personnel
The COR designation will be identified by the CO’s written designation memo. Similarly, the
Alternate COR (ACOR) will be identified by the CO’s written designation memo. The CO will
identify the (COR/ACOR) via e-mail to the Contractor.
10.2 Performance Required Beyond Standard Workday
23 of 124
If needed, performance may be required beyond the standard workday. Beginning with the
delivery of software through April, help desk support shall be available as follows: Mon - Fri: 8
AM ET - 12 AM ET and Sat and Sun: 8 AM ET - 8 PM ET. Post filing season, normal help desk
hours are required Mon-Fri: 8 AM ET – 5 PM ET. In the case of a problem the expectation is
that the Contractor will have someone working on it until it is resolved or a work around is
established.
10.3 Personnel Removal and Replacement
The applicable contractor employees are subject to investigation by the government. Applicable
contractor employees who undergo contractor clearances that reveal, but are not limited to, the
following, may be unacceptable under this contract: conviction of a felony, a crime of violence
or a serious misdemeanor, a record of arrests for continuing offenses, or failure to file or pay
federal income tax. The government reserves the right to determine if a contractor employee
assigned to a task shall continue with the task. The contractor shall agree to remove the person
assigned within one day of official notification by the government and provide a replacement
within five days. New hires or substitutions of personnel are subject to the contractor clearance
requirement.
10.4 Deliverables/ Work Products
All contractor deliverables or work products shall remain categorized as "Official Use Only.”
The release of any portion must be authorized in writing by the government. The contractor shall adhere to Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, which requires
access to the Federal Government electronic and information technology. The law applies to all
Federal agencies when they develop, procure, maintain, or use electronic and information
technology. Federal agencies must ensure that this technology is accessible to employees and
members of the public with disabilities. http://www.section508.gov/. Each Electronic and Information technology product or service furnished under this statement of
work shall comply with the Electronic and Information Technology (EIT) Accessibility
Standards (29 U.S.C. 87794(d)). For every EIT product or service accepted under this contract by the Government that does not
comply with (29 U.S.C. 87794(d)), the contractor shall at the discretion of the Government,
make every effort to replace or upgrade it with a compliant equivalent product or service, if
commercially available and cost neutral, on either the planned refresh cycle of the product or
service, or on the order renewal date, whichever shall occur first. The contractor will be working with sensitive taxpayer data under this contract and must
demonstrate the ability to pass all IRS security reviews required to receive access to encrypted
sensitive taxpayer data. The Remainer of his page is intentionally left blank.
24 of 124
11. Contractor Requirements
The contractor will be working with sensitive taxpayer data under this contract and must
demonstrate the ability to pass all IRS security reviews required to receive access to encrypted
sensitive taxpayer data. The Contractor shall meet the Minimum Operating System Requirements. The volunteer sites
that will use the software utilize a wide variety of technology. The software shall be able to
operate with 1.0 GB of free hard drive space. Many sites use old versions of computer hardware
and software, so the software must be compatible with older systems. The software (desktop &
web-based) must operate on the specified minimum system requirements and maintain
compatibility with newer systems as they become available. The software, including sample software submitted, will be tested for compliance with the IRS
Common Operating Environment (COE) to ensure the software will work on the IRS IT
environment. That is, the software will not require nor have dependencies on products not
included within the IRS base product list. Example software included, but not limited to, in the
COE is:
End User Equipment and Services Division
Standards Change & Release Mgmt. Development & Standards
250 Murall Drive, Mailstop 5850
Kearneysville, WV 25430
Base Software Installed on Windows 10.1803.64
New Driver Support: HPZ820 Existing Driver Support: EliteBook 2530p, EliteBook 2730p,
EliteBook 6930p, EliteBook 8530p, EliteBook 2540p, HP ProBook 6440b, HP ProBook 6540b,
EliteBook 8540p, EliteBook 8740w, HP ProBook 6450b, HP ProBook 6460b, HP
25 of 124
EliteBook2570p, HP ProBook 6470b, HP EliteBook 8570p, : EliteBook 8770w, EliteBook 820
G1, EliteBook 840 G1, EliteBook 850 G1, ZBook 14, ZBook 15, ZBook 17, ProBook 640 G1,
DC5800, HP 6000 Pro, HP 6200 Pro, HP 6300 Pro, Z400 and HP ProDesk 600 G1.
• Windows 10 Professional Service Pack 1
• Internet Explorer 11
• Net Framework 3.5.1 (Includes .net Framework 2.0 SP2, 3.0 SP2 and 3.5 SP1)
Corporation 8.1.6243.0
Corporation ActivID ActivClient x64 7.1.0 20190507
Incorporated Adobe Acrobat DC (2015) 15.006.30306 20190507
Incorporated Adobe Acrobat Reader DC (2015) MUI 15.006.30456 20190320
Adobe Adobe Flash Player 32 NPAPI 32.0.0.171
Adobe Systems,
Inc. Adobe Shockwave Player 12.3 12.3.1.201
Corporation Altiris Application Metering Agent 8.1.5636.0 20190507
Corporation Altiris Inventory Agent 8.1.6288.0 20190507
Corporation Arellia Agent 8.1.137.0 20190507
Corporation Arellia Application Control Agent 8.1.1802.0 20190507
26 of 124
Corporation Arellia Local Security Agent 8.1.1602.0 20190507
Corporation Arellia Security Analysis Agent 8.0.1204.0 20190507
Service ARS Local Admin Sync Service 6.00.0000 20190507
Corporation Bomgar Automatic Elevation Service 1.0.2.0 20190507
Bomgar Bomgar Button 16.2.9
[bomgartest.enterprise.irs.gov] 16.2.9
bomgartest.enterprise.irs.gov 16.2.9 20190507
Corporation Bomgar Virtual Smart Card Customer 1.0.36.0 20190507
Cisco Systems,
Inc. Cisco AnyConnect Diagnostics and
Reporting Tool 4.5.05030 20190507
Cisco Systems,
Inc. Manager 4.5.05030 20190507
Cisco Systems,
Inc. Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client 4.5.05030 20190507
Cisco Systems,
Inc. Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client 4.5.05030
Cisco Systems,
Inc. Cisco AnyConnect Start Before Login
Module 4.5.05030 20190507
Cisco Systems,
Inc Cisco Jabber 11.6.0.35037 20190320
Cisco Systems,
Inc. Cisco ViewMail for Outlook 11.5.1002 20190320
27 of 124
Corporation DIRECT! CP 8.00.0003 20190320
Biscom FAXCOM Image Driver x64 01.03.0402 20190506
Biscom FAXCOM Suite for Windows Client 10.01.0140 20190506
HP HP Hotkey Support 6.2.39.1 20190506
HP HP PC Hardware Diagnostics UEFI 6.6.2.0 20190320
IBM Corp. IBM BigFix Client 9.5.9.62 20190507
Software, LLC InformaCast Desktop Notifier 4.0.2.3 20190506
Intel Corporation Intel(R) Management Engine Components 1.0.0.0 20190506
Intel Corporation Intel(R) Management Engine Components 1.0.0.0 20190506
Intel Corporation Intel(R) Management Engine Components 1829.12.0.1154
Intel Corporation Intel(R) Management Engine Driver 1.0.0.0 20190506
Intel Intel(R) Network Connections Drivers 23.5
Intel Corporation Intel(R) Processor Graphics 25.20.100.6577
Service IRS Network Printer Installer 1.0 20190506
Consortium ISC BIND 9 9.9.6 20190320
Corporation Java 8 Update 111 8.0.1110.14 20190507
Corporation Java 8 Update 111 (64-bit) 8.0.1110.14 20190507
Corporation Microsoft InfoPath 2013 15.0.4753.1001
28 of 124
Corporation Microsoft InfoPath 2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190507
Corporation Microsoft InfoPath MUI (English) 2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190320
Corporation Microsoft Office 365 ProPlus - en-us 16.0.10730.20334
Corporation Microsoft Office 64-bit Components 2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190508
Microsoft Office OSM MUI (English)
2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190320
Corporation Microsoft Office Proofing (English) 2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190320
Microsoft Office Proofing Tools 2013 –
English 15.0.4753.1001 20190320
Microsoft Office Proofing Tools 2013 –
Español 15.0.4753.1001 20190320
Microsoft Office Shared 64-bit MUI
(English) 2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190320
Microsoft Office Shared 64-bit Setup
Metadata MUI (English) 2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190320
Microsoft Office Shared MUI (English)
2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190507
Microsoft Office Shared Setup Metadata
MUI (English) 2013 15.0.4753.1001 20190320
Corporation Microsoft Silverlight 5.1.50907.0 20190507
Corporation Microsoft Visio Viewer 2013 15.0.4420.1017 20190320
29 of 124
Corporation Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 Redistributable 8.0.61001 20190320
Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 Redistributable
(x64) 8.0.50727.42 20190320
Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 Redistributable
(x64) 8.0.59192 20190320
Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable
- x64 9.0.30729.6161 9.0.30729.6161 20190320
Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable
- x86 9.0.21022 9.0.21022 20190506
Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable
- x86 9.0.21022.218 9.0.21022.218 20190320
Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable
- x86 9.0.30729.6161 9.0.30729.6161 20190320
Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 x64
Redistributable - 10.0.40219 10.0.40219 20190320
Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 x86
Redistributable - 10.0.40219 10.0.40219 20190320
Microsoft Visual C++ 2012 Redistributable
(x64) - 11.0.61030 11.0.61030.0
Microsoft Visual C++ 2012 Redistributable
(x86) - 11.0.61030 11.0.61030.0
Microsoft Visual C++ 2012 x64 Additional
Runtime - 11.0.61030 11.0.61030 20151022
Microsoft Visual C++ 2012 x64 Minimum
Runtime - 11.0.61030 11.0.61030 20151022
Microsoft Visual C++ 2012 x86 Additional
Runtime - 11.0.61030 11.0.61030 20190320
30 of 124