Justification and Approval
For Other than Full and Open Competition
Plan ID Number: 2026-LGO-0004

As a legislative branch agency, the Library is subject to the competition and advertising requirements of 41 U.S.C. § 6101. Like the Competition in
Contracting Act and the FAR, 41 U.S.C. § 6101 does not require competition when a contracting officer certifies that only one source or brand-name
item is available, when dictated by public exigency, or when otherwise authorized by law.

This document sets forth the justification and approval for award of a contract or order by means providing for other than full and open competition
per 41 U.S.C. § 6101, LCR 7-210, and, as applicable, FAR 6.302, FAR 13.106-1, FAR 8.405, and FAR 16.505. Contracting without competition
shall not be justified on the basis of a lack of advance planning or concerns related to availability of funds.

This form shall be used to support instances where competition will be limited to a single source, a limited number of sources, including where a
brand name product is required.

1. Contracting Agency and Activity: Library of Congress, Library Collections and Services Group (LCSG),
Financial Management Directorate (FMD)

2. Nature of Action Being Approved
Contract (or modification)
LoC or Leg Branch Order (or modification)
GSA Schedule or GWAC: Identify Schedule/Contract
Other: Identify
Plan ID Number: 2026-LGO-0004
Contractor (or Brand Name): Springshare
Estimated Value (Base and all options):
Period of Performance: 7/1/2026-6/30/2031

3. Description of Supplies or Services Required to Meet Library Needs
Describe the supplies or services that are required to meet the Library’s minimum needs and the delivery schedule required to meet those needs. Do
not focus on a description of the program.

The Library requires an integrated public service platform that provides tools designed for the unique, not-for-profit public services of
libraries. These services are distinct from for-profit operations and, consequently, do not align to generic commercial software
designed for maximizing customer sales. The integrated tools must support and integrate the core public services work of the Library’s
reference services. The services that need to be integrated include: