I. Purpose. This Statement of Objectives sets forth the objectives for Department of War (DoW)-wide
access to a commercially available enterprise license (up to 3.5M users) subscription to a PAI-based
alerting solution that has the attributes as described in section V.

II. Scope. The commercially-available license subscription should leverage a variety of publicly
available information sources, evaluate content to detect emerging events as they are developing, and
push alerts to users based on user-defined areas and topics of interest. The solution must be capable
of distributing alerts in near real-time via email, application programming interface (API), web-based
application, and mobile platforms. The solution must be available commercially in the marketplace,
and able to scale to a DoW enterprise capability, and keep pace with developments and standards
within the commercial industry sector.

III. Period and place of performance. The period of performance is projected to begin in August 2026,
base plus four (4) option years. This is a web-based subscription service.

IV. Background. The DoW is seeking a commercially-available solution to evaluate publicly available
information (PAI) in near real time, to provide the DoW with situational awareness, force protection,
indications and warnings, and support for emergency and contingency operations concerning global
events.

1. Certify in writing compliance with data sources’ terms of service.
2. Detect emerging events in near real-time, incorporating data veracity into methods by which
alerts are generated.
3. Scale to support the full operational requirements and user base across all elements of the DoW
enterprise.
4. Deliver (push) alerts to users based on user-defined criteria.
5. Send alerts to users via, at a minimum; web-browser user interface, API, Push mode (text
message or email), as selected by the user.
6. Achieve comprehensive data coverage across all geographic locations critical to DoW operations
by leveraging a wide variety of social media, news, and other publicly available information
sources, including the most popular regional social media and news platforms.
7. Provide translation capability for all alerts into English, with the option to view in original
language.
8. Display a map interface with event locations.
9. Allow users to search events by text and location.
10. Provide source attribution in alerts and notify the user before they leave the service’s web
interface.
11. Provide references to data sources used to generate alerts, without enabling direct hyperlinking. Statement of Objectives
2