This Performance Work Statement (PWS) supports Naval Information Warfighting Development
Center (NIWDC) warfighting capabilities with specific focus towards Electronic Warfare Data
(EWD)production (using the Navy Information Operations Database (NIODB)) currently operated
on an Amazon Web Service (AWS) Impact Level (IL6) cloud hosting environment. NIODB is a
Navy approved source of parametric, and order of battle data used in the development of Electronic
Warfare (EW) System Libraries. Aiding the warfighter with a single source of authoritative EW
data, it improves threat and own force identification, enables Anti-Ship Missile Defense, enhances
interoperability, and improves mission planning through improved threat data fidelity. OPNAV
Instruction 3430.23D provides policy for United States Fleet Forces Command ( USFFC) and
Naval Information Forces ( NAVIFOR) execution of the Electronic Warfare Reprogrammable
Systems Support Program. NIWDC EWD is NAVIFOR designated EW Functional Data Manager
and is the primary organization for this support.

1.2 TYPE OF CONTRACT
The Government intends to award an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract with Firm -
Fixed Price provisions for services. Individual task orders will specify positions.

1.3 ORDERING PERIOD
The resultant Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract will consist of the following
five year base ordering period and will contain FAR 52.217-8 – Option to Extend Services to allow
for a six- month extension of the ordering period if circ umstances necessitate the exercise of this
option. The ordering periods are as follows:

NOTE: The performance period of individual task orders will be established at the time of
task order issuance.

1.5 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE/WORKING HOURS
Performance will occur at the following locations:
• Naval Information Warfare Training Group Norfolk, 1247 West C Street, Building U-
132, Naval Station, Norfolk, VA. 23511
• Vendor company accredited facility/corporate office upon COR approval
• Working hours are Monday – Friday, 7:30 am – 4:00 pm except Federal Holidays. The
expectation is an 8-hour day.