The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), National Center for Immunization and
Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD), Office of Director (OD), Office of Laboratory Systems and Response
(OLSR), intends to award a sole source firm fixed price purchase order to Key Solutions, Inc., 2803
Lakeview Ct, Fremont, CA, 94538 for the purchase of the eProtocol software license for the Institutional
Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) and for the purchase of Lab Animal Resource System (LARS)
software license. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) utilizes the Key Solutions’ eProtocol modules to
manage their animal care program. It currently supports the entire agency in the area of animal
procurement and ordering; animal record keeping; data collection; reporting tools; and billing
information. The Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) protocol compliance module
ensures consistent protocol review, maintains full traceability, simplifies role -based access, and
strengthens compliance oversight. The Lab Animal Resource System (LARS) module streamlines end -
to-end activities, from animal requisition to daily management. Both software licenses will include up to
50 active IACUC users, 16 hours of web-based training, an annual maintenance agreement, custom
services, and data migration services. This contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate
with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.103-1(b) and 10 U.S.C. 3204(a)(1) or 41 U.S.C.
3304(a)(1). The NAICS code for this acquisition is 541511, Custom Computer Software Programming
Services. Interested entities may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement. This notice of
intent is not a request for competitive quotations; however, all responses received within fifteen (15) days
of the issuance of this notice will be considered by the government. A determination by the government
not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of
the government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining
whether to conduct competitive procurement. Any quotation/response should be emailed to contract
specialist Felipe Cardenas at tpp5@cdc.gov by 4:00pm EST on May 12, 2026.