Topic: Business Models & Processes
Row #1: Similar to NGC2 efforts, PM C2 Apps is considering a “teaming” arrangement for the entire portfolio on the assumption that a singular team lead could develop and/or partner with others to provide a pipeline and application storefront, while working with the Government in an Agile and DevSecOps environment to provide applications to the Warfighter. These applications would be based on approval from the Government and be brought on to existing efforts as a combination of Government, Commercial, and Tactical solutions. Please describe if you believe this approach seems feasible and/or would your solution support this concept? Response:
Row #1a: Please identify which of the following solutions you already have available; software application storefront platform, pipeline and/or tailorable warfighting application and are they commercial? Response:
Row # 1b: For available solutions, please describe your integration process and include a timeline for implementation. This should incorporate a scenario where a data layer is provided by the Government and a scenario where a data layer is provided by a separate industry partner. Response:
Row # 1c: For available solutions that need to be created, please describe your development process and include a timeline for implementation. This should incorporate a scenario where a data layer is provided by the Government and a scenario where a data layer is provided by a separate industry partner. Response:
Row # 2: Would you be willing to operate as a lead vendor to incorporate approved applications into your proposed solution? Would you be willing to onboard applications to the Government as a container and maintain them. Response:
Row # 3: What would your business model strategy look like if the Government requires the storefront provider to be a lead? Response:
Row # 3a: What additional costs would be associated with this requirement? If any, please provide the cost structure and pricing in Section 3.4.2 and reference Row # 3a in your response. Response:
Row # 3b: Please describe your expertise in being a lead. Response: